Improve the test documentation (#8966)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/test-document-the-code/test-ballerina-code/write-tests.md

}

// The data provider function, which returns a  data set as a map of tuples.
function mapDataProvider() returns map<[int, int, string]>|error =>
{
    "banana": [10, 10, "banana"],
    "cherry": [5, 5, "cherry"]
};
```

## Use assertions

> The Ballerina test framework supports the following assertions, which help verify the expected behavior of a piece of code. These assertions can be used to decide if the test is passing or failing based on the condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina test framework supports the following assertions, which help in verifying the expected behavior of a piece of code. These assertions can be used to decide if the test is passing or failing based on the condition.
```

| `assertNotExactEquals(any\|error actual, any\|error expected, string message)`        | Asserts that the actual entity is not exactly equal to the expected entity with an optional message.     |
| `assertFail(string message)`                                                          | Fails the test. This is useful to fail a test based on a check for a condition while it is in execution. |

> >**Info:** The optional message parameter is useful for providing additional context when the assertion fails. It helps in understanding why the assertion failed without needing to examine the code or the test output in detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Info:** The optional message parameter is useful for providing additional context when the assertion fails. It helps in understanding the reason for the failure without needing to examine the code or the test output in detail.
```
